Fixes #642: Replace all reference of Slack with Zulip in README.md (#643)
anitab-org/mentorship-android: README.md

![Settings Screen](Screenshots/Settings%20Screen.png)|![About Page](Screenshots/About%20Page.png)|![Change Password Page](Screenshots/Change%20Password%20Page.png)|
## Contact

> You can reach our community at [AnitaB.org Open Source Zulip] (https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reach our community at [AnitaB.org Open Source Zulip](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/).
```
The markdown was not working properly, with that space

Author: @isabelcosta  done :)

> You can reach maintainers team @mentorship-team on [AnitaB.org Open Source Zulip] (https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/) or @systers/maintainers-mentorship-android on GitHub.

Reviewer: Right now the @mentorship-team is not defined on Zulip so I suggest you take that out. We also don't have GitHub teams properly setup.
```suggestion
You can reach our community at [AnitaB.org Open Source Zulip] (https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/).
```

> We use [#mentorship-system](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/222534-mentorship-system) channel on Zulip to discuss this project and interact with the community. If you're interested in contributing to this project, join us there!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [#mentorship-system](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/222534-mentorship-system) stream on Zulip to discuss this project and interact with the community. If you're interested in contributing to this project, join us there!
```
According to Zulip wording, it has streams and not channels
